Exercise: Meet The Community

Before we get started, 
let's do a quick exercise that won't take you more than 5 minutes. 

#1 Please introduce yourself in the community Discord group 
in the #introductions channel to get familiar with how it works! 
Quickly share who you are, where you are from, 
and why you chose to do this course. 
Doing this course yourself is completely fine, 
but it is always good to have a community of others, similar to you, 
helping you when you need motivation, and sharing in the joy when you succeed.

#2 Go to the #programming-buddies and try to find a buddy 
who is starting the course today just like you! 
You will be keeping each other accountable throughout the course 
and motivating each other to finish. 
I know it may sound silly, but this is the biggest factor in 
increasing your chances of completing the course. 
Who knows, maybe you will find life long friends/coworkers this way. 

#3 (Optional) One of our students has made a video walkthrough for you 
of the community here if you want to watch and learn more about how everything works.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TVI_MBoCOak


Some of the channels available for you to join are:
#js - For all questions javascript
#dev-resources - Myself and others share interesting articles and tools we find. Great way to stay up to date in the industry
#alumni - Ask graduates of this course questions
#womenintech - For the female coders out there
#job-hunting - Anything related to finding a job as a developer
#code100 - To join a community of students dedicated to code every day for 100 days. You can join anytime.

....and many many more!

Trust me, the Discord community is an invaluable part of this course 
(some would say, it is the best part of this course). 
You can also follow me on twitter where I keep you updated about industry news, 
upcoming courses, and send announcement 
about coding challenges we run monthly: @andreineagoie

PS. Udemy will be asking to leave a review throughout the course. 
Please leave a review as it really helps out the course 
and allows more people to discover us in this massive marketplace :)